Review Session: The team has done a great job with the work we have committed to done. We have the CSS finished and working on the database is the main priority.
All current stories tagged as done are committed to production. We are very excited to present our product and finish up this course on a high note. 
This was originally discussed on April 26th by Nic, Ian, James, and Joe.

Sprint Backlog:

Finish user stories, finalize implementation features based upon the user stories Review technical materials for product implementation

Product Backlog: 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Definition of done: When a feature meets the minimum requirements to function. All Story Points here are in production and can be demoed:

As a Student. - Nic 2 points I want to select a seat. So I may attend class. (Single browser instance)

As a Student. - Joe 2 points I want to enter my information. So that others may know I am a Student. (Single browser instance)

As a Student. - James 3 points I want to know what the room looks like. So I may select my seat accurately.

As an Instructor. - Ian 2 points I want to be able to give the students a short description of the class. So that they know what to expect of the class.

As a Student. - Joe 2 point I do not want to select a seat that is already occupied. So that I do not cause conflict with the other student. (Single browser instance)

As a Student. - Joe 3 points I want to be able to attend class virtually by having a special spot that I can enter my user information. (Single browser instance)

As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I want to be able to see a list of students that have decided to participate virtually for the class session. (Single browser instance)

As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I want to be able to password protect our website so only students can enter into my class seating selector.

As an Instructor. - Joe 4 points I want to be able to have my students see our class on the website that the instructor provides.

As an Instructor. - Nic 2 points I want to select a seat. So I may instruct the class. (Single browser instance)

As an Instructor. - James 2 points I want to enter my information. So that others may know I am an Instructor. (Single browser instance)

As an Instructor. - Nic 3 points I would like to the site to have an elegant look to it when students select the seats.

As a Student. - Ian 3 points I would to have a nice looking site to look at when choosing my seat.

As a Student. - Nic 2 points I would like to know the layout of the class prior to attending.

As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I would like to display the layout of the classroom for the students to see before attending.

As a Student. - James 2 points I would like to have a description of how the prodcut works to know what functionality I can do on it.

As an Instructor. - James 3 points I would like the authentication page to have an engaging look to it as the students enter their password.

As an Instructor. - Joe 3 points I would like to hear user feedback on things they like and disliked about the application.

As a Student. - Ian 2 points I would like other students to recognize my seat. So that they know it is occupied. (Single bowser instance)

As a student.- James 2 points I want to be able to remove my information from a seat.

As an Instructor.- James 2 points I want to be able to edit and remove students from a seat.

As a Student - James 3 points I want to be able to confirm my selection for the day of class. So the Instructor will know I will show up.

As a Student. - James/Joe 2 points I would like to see my classmates' names. So that it would be easier to introduce ourselves to each other.

As a student. - Ian/Nic 3 points I would like to be able to edit my seat information.

As a student.- Joe/Ian 3 points I want to be able to run the program on multiple broswers with the information being saved.

As an Instructor. - Nic/James 3 points I want to have all of my attendance information save after students enter their information.
