Sprint Backlog:

Create user stories
Begin implementing features based upon the user stories
Review technical materials for product implementation

Product Backlog:

As an Instructor. - Nic 2 points I want to select a seat. So I may instruct the class.

As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I want to enter my information. So that others may know I am an Instructor.

As a Student - James 3 points I want to be able to confirm my selection for the day of class. So the Instructor will know I will show up.

As a Student. - Ian 2 points I would like other students to recognize my seat. So that they know it is occupied.

As a Student. - James 2 points I would like to see my classmates' names. So that it would be easier to introduce ourselves to each other.

As an Instructor. - Nic 3 points I would like to the site to have an elegant look to it when students select the seats.

As a student. - Ian 3 points I would like to be able to edit my seat information.

As a student.- James 2 points I want to be able to remove my information from a seat.

As an Instructor.- James 2 points I want to be able to edit and remove students from a seat.

Definition of done: When a feature meets the minimum requirements to function.

Currently done: Students can not select a seat already occupied Students can select a seat and enter their information Sprint 3 Review Sprint 3 Retrospective
As a Student. - Nic 2 points I want to select a seat. So I may attend class.
As a Student. - Joe 2 points I want to enter my information. So that others may know I am a Student.
As a Student. - James 3 points I want to know what the room looks like. So I may select my seat accurately.
As an Instructor. - Ian 2 points I want to be able to give the students a short description of the class. So that they know what to expect of the class.
As a Student. - Joe 2 point I do not want to select a seat that is already occupied. So that I do not cause conflict with the other student.
As a Student. - Joe 3 points I want to be able to attend class virtually by having a special spot that I can enter my user information.
As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I want to be able to see a list of students that have decided to participate virtually for the class session.
As an Instructor. - Joe 2 points I want to be able to password protect our website so only students can enter into my class seating selector.
As an Instructor. - Joe 4 points I want to be able to have my students see our class on the website that the instructor provides.
